Desperate lecture

Author: Legscrossed

*000*2025-11-01 18:43

I was about to lead a midterms review session, not going to say which university / course... I was nervous, even though I had practiced plenty. Somehow I always got tongue tied... My slides were loaded up on the screen, and I stood at the head of a small classroom, behind a a little podium thing, waiting for the students to settle in. I had my notes to my left, and my laptop on the podium stand. My water bottle was next to my notes, and I took frequent sips to soothe my nerves/dry throat. I was too shy to make any small talk with the students, and wanted to get straight into the material.

Once it was time to start, I introduced myself and gave a brief overview of that evening's lecture. I answered a few questions, and started in on the material. It wasn't so bad, and I felt more confident than I usually do when giving a speech. I even managed to insert a bit of humor and got a few laughs from the students. This level of charisma is rare for me, so I was rather pleased.

It was a long session, three hours, so we had a break in the middle. I wanted to make sure I was all set for part two, so I focused on reviewing the next slides quickly while the students took their break. I also went to refill my (1 liter) water bottle, in case my mouth kept getting dry as I spoke.

The heat had been cranked up all day in the building so it was hot, which made me drink even more than I would normally.

After the students had their 15 minute break, I started on part 2 of the lecture. I was tired from speaking for an hour and a half already, so I stumbled my words a bit more. When i stumbled, I would drink a few sips of water, to give myself the excuse to pause for a few seconds.

Pretty soon after the break, I suddenly felt that I had a VERY full bladder. like out of nowhere. Well, not nowhere. I had a coffee right before I started the lecture. I did stop off at the urinals for a pre-emptive piss, but I the coffee hadn't yet made its way through my system, so I barely went. I was so focused on the review material and answering questions during part 1 that I likely ignored my steadily-filling bladder. And during the break... i suddenly panicked and felt like I needed to cram for part 2.

I was regretting not having taken a bathroom break for sure now. I had gone from totally oblivious to my bladder, to a suddenly strong urge to pee.

I had an hour and 15 minutes left to teach, and I really didn't feel comfortable taking a bathroom break. I just wanted to finish the job... and I felt awkward leaving the classroom in front of everyone just because I couldn't wait a little while for a pee.

I decided I would be fine, and went on as usual. I was getting a bit more tongue-tied. the students noticed that i was nervous and told me i was doing a great job. i appreciated their reassurance and hoped they didnt notice the source of my distress. i was starting to fidger a bit.

I needed a piss, I was embarassed about it, and I was upset I hadnt thought to relieve myself during break. And it's hard to remain focused when every other thought in my mind was "gotta pee!" or "oof why didn't i make detour to the urinals during break". on top of that, it kept getting more and more urgent because my mouth was dry from being nervous, and i was even more nervous due to having a full bladder in front of the class, so I kept drinking more and more.

I am honestly not sure how I managed to finish teaching the review... because about 30 minutes before I could FINALLY go and relieve my rock-solid and now aching bladder, i took another sip and realized i had finished all of the water...

Doing some mental math, i realized, to my horror, that I had inadvertently crammed a large black coffee, and now TWO liters of water into my poor bladder.

There was only a half hour left of the session. then it became 20 mins... then 15. at 15 minutes to go, the need intensified. my bladder was completely full. the waistband of my jeans was wreaking havoc. but at 15 mins it would be absolutely pathetic to take a bathroom break. i tried to control myself, but i may have discreetly shuffled behind the podium thing. i hope the students didn't see that.... so embarassing

To my distress, OF COURSE they had plenty of questions on the last several slides. what i hoped was only 5 more minutes turned into 12! then at the end, as i hurriedly packed my things and tried to leave, and FINALLY go urinate, a few students had extra questions. i stayed behind the podium, they came up and i had to explain some more.

I was starting to panic that i might leak in my briefs, as needing to pee in front of others always feels more urgent (i doubt i will have, as i have a strong bladder). i caught myself reaching toward my waistband to at least adjust it a bit, but stopped, remembering i was in front of people.

When i was finally free to go, i tried to calmly make for the men's room, which was mercifully just down the hall. i dipped into a stall, because i was really desperate. in case there was anyone else at the urinals, i didnt want him to notice how frantic i was for a pee.

In the toilet stall, i neglected to lift the seat up. there was no time! i hung my laptop on the hook on the door, and then i squirmed while firmly grabbing myself through my jeans. i had to do that because seeing the toilet nearly made me leak. i suddenly had to go even more urgently, and couldnt even undo my pants right away! absolutely pathetic.

When i released the button on my right jeans, and reached into my briefs, i lost a few drops. when i finally aimed to pee, the relief felt spectacular. i let out a quiet sigh as a pressured stream of piss hit the toilet water. it was a lengthy and desperately needed piss.

This was the closest call i had had in public for a long time...

