Poop Desperation and a Long Ride Home

Author: Laura Crossed

*000*2026-01-12 17:14

Last year on my 31st birthday all my friends treated me to tickets to a Twins game. It was a nice treat and I did admittedly have fun. It was me and three other girls inside one Subaru Crosstrek on an hour and a half drive to Target Field. This was late June so it was hot as hell out and I was wearing my old A Wilhelm Scream tank top and some really tight black jeans from Hot Topic with a rip on one of the knees. I wasn't wearing any underwear either >:D, so they were really showing off the shape of my butt well hehehe.

For the most part nothing really relevant to what you're here for happened. It was a good game, we beat the Mariners, had fun with the girls. But like, while I was at Target Field one of my friends offered to buy me any food or drink I wanted since it was my birthday and of course I couldn't resist and she bought me a glizzy. It was a real mean motherfucker of a hot dog too, coated in a grease and loaded with mustard and onions. I say this like every time I post but I really hate being called a “tomboy” especially because I'm 31 now not a damn kid but my friends all know I hate it and do it to rib me. So of course they say I'm sucking that thing down like the tomboy I am hahaha I got them back by flicking beer at them from my fingers >:P

So, anyway, the game is finally over and the four of us are climbing through the chaos of people leaving and get back to my friend's Subaru. The whole time I was walking back I kept feeling heavy in my guts >;( There was all these little gurgles and bubbles and it felt so uncomfortable at one point I put my hand on my stomach as we were walking. I knew right then that the glizzy was about to request an emergency exit from my butt and that request was going to be denied 😞

The weight in my guts shifted and I felt pressure flow downward from in my guts to in my butt. I took my hand off my stomach but I was just slightly biting my lip and right as we saw the car I ripped a thankfully silent fart omg. I honestly didn't know if I was going to last a whole car ride home but I just kept quiet about it because I didn't want them to know I had to poop.

I barely made it fifteen minutes before I was sweating like a mofo and being suspiciously distracted and I had to tell everyone my situation and they all just laughed >:^0 I got back at them for laughing because I was getting so many fluttering waves of pressure in my butt I couldn't hold back any farts and let like three really bad ones go omg.

That probably wasn't the best idea though because it started feeling like every fart was sliding it all closer to my butthole. I was totally starting to bounce and squirm now and I was squeezing my buttcheeks together so BAD omg I had to really fight hard. Literally all I could think about was taking a shit omg and it wasn't helping my friends kept singing that stupid ass guns n’ roses song knocking on heaven's door to tease me ;(

As soon as my friend pulled her car back into her apartment parking lot I was like running full speed with one hand holding my clenched together butt as best as I could. I remember standing in front of the door to her apartment, bouncing with my hand on my ass, saying “let me in let me in let me in!” really loud omg. Finally after taking her sweet ass time my friend unlocked the door and I seriously ran inside and IMMEDIATELY booked it to the toilet.

I shut the door behind me and was in a kind of mini panic as I quickly threw my jeans down and flipped up the lid. My ass made a big loud clack on the toilet seat and I just totally unloaded. First there was a really loud but quick crackle sound and then a bunch of loud squishing sounds and a big splash. It was such a serious relief omg. After a few farts and dropped off some more before I finally felt empty. I seriously stunk it up in there SO bad and everyone was gagging because it made the whole apartment stink HAHAHAH.

Since you guys were good this Christmas here's a Snap I took of me blowing it up >;^)

&&

